# Overview

This plugin provides a jQuery interface for inline AJAX commenting
for a blog powered by Movable Type, although a design goal is for
this plugin to be broadly applicable to any blogging platform
(e.g. WordPress, Drupal, etc). 

# Getting Started

Before you begin, make sure you have a copy of jQuery 1.3 or 
greater installed on your system/website. You will need to include 
this in your web page or Movable Type templates:

   <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery-1.3.1.js"></script>

You will also need the following jQuery plugins or libaries:

* jquery-mtgreet - http://github.com/byrnereese/jquery-mtgreet/tree
* jquery-form - bundled with Movable Type

## Add Your Script Tags

Add this code to the header of your web site.

    <script type="text/javascript" src="mt.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.mtauth.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.mtgreeting.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.mtcomment.js"></script>

Note: you may need to adjust the paths to each of the scripts above
depending upon where they are located on your web server.

Note: it may not be obvious, but this also assumes you also reference
jQuery and other prerequisites. Like so:

    <script type="text/javascript" 
       src="<$mt:StaticWebPath$>jquery/jquery.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" 
       src="<$mt:StaticWebPath$>jquery/jquery.form.js"></script>

## Edit Your Web Page

Now let's look at some actual HTML and javascript that you can use on 
your web site and blog:

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="mt.js"></script>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.js"></script>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.mtauth.js"></script>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.mtgreeting.js"></script>
        <script type="text/javascript">
        $(document).ready(function() {
          $('.reply').reply();
        });
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="comments">
          <div class="comment">
            <p>My comment text goes here.</p>
            <p><a href="#" class="reply">Reply</a></p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </body>
    </html>

# Usage

## Configuration Options

* `speed` (default: 'slow') - The speed at which animations occur.

* `entryId` (default: null) - The entry ID for which the comment is in reply. This should be embedded in the source comment form. But if it is not, then specify this to have mtcomment forcibly set the `entry_id` form parameter upon form submit.

* `formSource` (default: '#comments-form') - The selector to the comment form source. This will serve as the template for the ajax comment form that will be automatically generated for you.

* `formClass` (default: 'ajax-comments-form') - This class name of the form that will be created for you.

* `leaveCommentMsg` (default: 'Leave a comment...') - This is the text that will appear in the comment box by default. The text will disappear when the user clicks inside the text area to leave a comment.

## Events and Callbacks

TODO

# License and Copyright

Copyright 2009, Byrne Reese. All rights reserved.

This plugin is licensed under the same terms as jQuery itself. 
